gh-126554: ctypes: Correctly handle NULL dlsym values (#126555)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/C_API/2024-11-07-20-24-58.gh-issue-126554.ri12eb.rst

> Correctly handle NULL dlsym() values in ctypes.

Reviewer: I prefer to not expose technical details in the changelog, it's not particularly useful to users:
```suggestion
Fix rare crash upon system failure in :class:`ctypes.CDLL`.
```

> Fix rare crash upon system failure in :class:`ctypes.CDLL`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fix error handling in :class:`ctypes.CDLL` objects
which could result in a crash in rare situations.
```

Author: Way smoother!
